My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
It was my mistake to
ask someone like you.
Miyabi-chan, wait! Miyabi-chan!
Never talk to me again!
I'm through with you!
-I'm sorry, Miyabi.
-An audition?
Right. I sent your photo
to a Beautiful Girl Idol Contest.
What is that?
You're pretty, and I thought
you would definitely be selected!
-Without my permission?
-That's why I said I was sorry.
But, Miyabi, you might get selected.
You're really good-looking.
You also sing pretty well.
Why don't you just show up?
I'm not interested.
Soon you'll receive the results
of the initial paper review.
If selected,
you enter the final selection!
Yeah, right.
Listen, Miyabi.
We can enter together.
Together?
Chikako, did you enter yourself too?
I felt lonely doing it by myself.
I see. You wanted to enter.
Awesome!
Miyabi-chan, you're gonna be an idol!
Good morning.
Miyabi, wait!
Hey, Miyabi!
Miyabi-chan.
Oni
Good morning.
What are you doing?
I'm just a nameless ninja.
A commoner like you should not
fall in love with me.
Now, excuse me.
-Wouldn't you notice?
-She's truly toroko, slow girl.
What happened? Nomura used
to belong to Aizawa's group.
What in the world is Aizawa doing?
I thought her only enemy
was Onizuka, wasn't it?
All rise!
Bow.
Be seated.
-What's wrong, Nomura-san?
-Nothing.
But this....
She dropped it herself.
On top of that, she sat on it.
She can't help it.
She is really slow.
Is that true?
Ice cream?
Yes.
Ice cream, huh? That's strange.
I didn't know
they sold ice cream here.
That's not the point!
I didn't want to stick my nose into
the affairs of a class that's not mine.
But that is definitely bullying.
Is that so?
If that's the case,
something needs to be done.
Yeah, you're right.
Excuse me, are you thinking seriously?
That's not it!
Despotic Government
Citizens Revolution
After the people's revolution, to
replace the autocracy of the king...
He's not as motivated as usual.
...they pursued the realization...
And he says he's committed
to being a teacher.
I'm too shocked to speak.
...of a democratic government....
What was I saying?
Hit it there!
It's hard to make it to the trash can.
Nomura, what are you doing facing
a strange direction all by yourself?
It's okay. Don't worry.
It's my fault.
She's the trash can of this class.
What is it? What did I do?
No more, no more!
I'm too sleepy to teach a class!
Let's do a soda bottle rocket!
Again? You think it's fun.
Yeah. It's pretty fun, isn't it?
Let's do it.
It's better than
Onizuka's regular class.
If you're not teaching, I'm leaving.
Do what you like. Murai, go get
a soda bottle from the student store.
Shoot! Why do I have to?
Miyabi-chan, me too.
Don't come with me, you trash can.
You make me sick!
Let's go. If he is a teacher,
he should teach decent classes.
That's right.
That's how you put air into it.
-Am I doing it right?
-You're doing a good job!
-Hey, is it safe to let Toroko do it?
-What do you mean?
She is seriously slow.
When the girls perform, her
performance looks like an O-Bon dance.
When she makes scrambled eggs,
she turns them into pancakes.
It takes her a minute
to run 100 meters.
Whatever she does,
she does it so poorly.
It's our unspoken rule not to let
Toroko do anything to avoid mishaps.
Don't worry. It makes no difference
if you're slow to fill up the air.
Right, Nomura? Are you done?
Shit! That's why I told him
not to let Toroko do it!
It's cold! I'm soaking wet
all the way to my underwear!
I'm home. Daddy has just come home!
Darling, welcome home.
You came home very early today.
The head of our section was away
on a business trip.
I was looking forward to your return.
Do you want to eat first?
Let me think.... Let's eat first.
What's for dinner today?
Your favorite, hamburger steak!
Oh, great!
Here, hamburger steak. And beer.
You think of everything.
Tasty. What a feast.
This is so good.
Here, darling, try the potatoes too.
Hey, you wench.
Your first son, Kenji, is home!
Money. Give me money.
You got your paycheck, didn't you?
Hey, Nomura, what are you waiting for?
Your problem child, Kenji,
has come home.
Unless you do something soon,
your home will be all messed up.
Hey, stop it, Kenji!
Shut up, you bitch. Stop me
from running wild, if you can.
As a mother-- No, as a person,
I will see that you get rehabilitated!
Yeah, right! Let's see.
-Hurry up and get off the bike.
-Shut up and give me money!
Do you think we are rich or something?
I have no money to give you!
How do you like this?
This is Miss Juliana.
Teacher, you're amazing!
I used to dream about hanging out
with these kinds of girls.
Nomura, don't you have dreams like
that? Dreams of something you want.
You've gotta have something. Brand-
name items, a camera or cell phone?
Nothing in particular.
Nothing? Don't you have at least one?
Oh, come on.
Just come up with something!
Then a cell phone.
Well, a friend I can talk about
anything with on a cell phone.
-Maybe....
-Like this one?
Friend
Oh, no! I don't like it!
Make it look more human.
Then from the Roswell case.
Friend
That's a dead body!
-An alien captured by the FBI.
-How come they are all aliens?
-You don't like it?
-No, I don't.
Chinese Food
Ramen Gyoza
Miso ramen, gyoza, beer
and a half bowl of rice.
One miso, one gyoza, one beer
and half a bowl of rice.
You took your time to come here.
I'm sorry I can't visit with you much.
Oh, please don't worry.
I just stopped by.
-Fried rice is ready.
-All right.
How's Tomoko doing at school?
She isn't giving you trouble?
The girl is slow, isn't she?
-No, no trouble at all.
-Is that so? That's good to know.
Here it is.
We have nothing fancy,
but we have plenty of noodles.
-You want some, don't you?
-Thank you! Good timing. I was hungry.
Tomoko, hurry up and eat.
I want you to help out here.
This is really tasty, sir!
You're such a nice teacher.
I'll treat you to beer and egg too.
What? Thank you!
Now a mini ramen is ready.
Hey, Tomoko. Take two glasses
of ice water to number 3.
-Hurry!
-Okay.
Restroom
Suntory Draft Beer
Everyone else in our family is quick.
I wonder who she takes after.
I'm so sorry about today.
You took time to come to my house,
but I'm always this way.
When I was little, I'd follow a
stranger because he offered me candy.
Or I'd cause trouble whenever
I tried to help in the restaurant.
I was always yelled at
by my father and mother.
Isn't it strange that
I'm the only slow one in the family?
In elementary school I was always
the last in sports and studies.
I was called a cow
because my breasts were big.
Teacher, what are you doing?
What? I was just....
Since they are so big....
Is that yours?
Yes. I just couldn't put it away.
So I've kept it here.
When I was in 4th grade, Miyabi invited
me to her home. It made me so happy.
You know, Miyabi-chan is pretty,
smart and very athletic.
Her father is president of a company.
My heart was beating so fast because
such a person was coming home with me.
Miyabi is really awesome.
I have longed to be like her
for a long, long time...
...because she has a lot
of things I don't have.
But it doesn't matter anymore. It
looks like she got disgusted with me.
I can't blame her because, look at me.
I don't think I'm worth living.
Chinese Food
Teacher, please hang out with me,
could you?
Nomura, why don't you have
more confidence in yourself?
I understand that
you long to be like Aizawa...
...because she has
a lot of things you don't.
But I think you have a lot of things
she doesn't have.
Why don't you pretend that you were
cheated and bet your life on me?
-What is that?
-Maybe there's some sort of event.
Hi. Would you like
to have tea with me?
Hey, girl? Don't you wanna work
at our club? It's an Ime-kura.
No, thank you.
Onizuka-sensei, I wonder
what he had in mind.
Digital Photos
Tomorrow, wait for me in that outfit.
I'll produce you.
Produce? What is that?
Director of Talent Scouting
Honey Otsuka
-Are you Tomoko Nomura?
-Yes.
I am a producer of adult videos.
Producer? Adult videos?
I want you to come with me. You've
heard it from Eikichi, didn't you?
I see. This is what he meant when
he said he was going to produce me.
Miss Inogashira Pageant
Open to the Public
Will Miyabi show up?
She wasn't really into it.
Musashino Public Hall
She'll show up.
She's full of confidence.
True. She's on a different level
from someone like you who didn't pass.
There she is. Miyabi, this way!
Hey, future idol!
Don't be silly.
I'm only doing this to kill time.
I don't intend
to take Onizuka's class.
Aizawa, what are you doing here?
What are you guys doing?
What happened was....
Could you stay still a little while?
Ah, very good. Very good.
Makeup looks good on your face.
Hard to believe
you're a junior-high student.
Am I being taken somewhere?
It's okay. Don't worry.
We're not some weirdos.
We're just regular citizens
who were asked to bring you here.
Could you wear that outfit over there?
My gut feeling is that
you will look better in that outfit...
...rather than a Cos-Play outfit.
Middle-aged men like a girl
with a Lolita face and huge breasts.
What am I gonna do? I came with them,
but it's probably X-rated work.
"Affair With A Housewife"
"Obscene High School" "Fallen Angels"
They'll probably strip me naked
and make embarrassing videos of me.
But I guess it can't be helped.
I'm slow and stupid.
Teacher is trying to tell me that
I could survive in this kind of world.
Teacher was saying
my breasts were big.
I have no choice
but to go with the flow.
I feel like a calf
in the "Donna, Donna" song.
That's right. I'm a cow.
I'm a cow that produces a lot of milk.
"Field trip today.
Come to Musashino Public Hall
immediately. Onizuka."
Okay. Do we have everyone?
Good morning, everyone.
Isn't it a perfect day for a field trip?
-Field trip?
-That's right.
I call it "Secrets of the Entertainment
Industry, How a Star Is Born."
The purpose is to witness the moment
when a star is born in real time.
Hey, Eikichi-chan!
This way, this way.
Sorry we're late. We had to stop
at a traffic checkpoint on the way.
So how is it? How did it go?
It's a little different
from your original request.
It's perfected with my own taste.
This is better for middle-aged men
than the Cos-Play option. Here.
Now we have the main character.
What? Teacher?
Everyone. Miyabi-chan!
Toroko! What kind of outfit
are you wearing?
Well, we have everyone, right?
Let's go inside.
Wait a minute! Don't tell me
the girl who's becoming a star is....
Of course it's Nomura.
Tomoko Nomura!
Me?
That's right.
Nomura, just be your usual self.
Okay. Let's go inside.
Teacher, I heard that Aizawa is
in the audition today too.
Oh, really? What a coincidence!
Then she will be Nomura's rival.
Fuji TV presents the audition
for Miss Inogashira...
...the image girl for Inogashira Park.
Miss Inogashira Pageant/Open Audition
Sponsored by Fuji Television
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
Miyabi doesn't talk to me anymore.
Talk to her one more time
from the stage.
You're right. You will win.
Don't come near me, you trash can!
You just don't understand
how slow she is.
A miracle will happen
if my judgment was correct.